# Fileship 2.0.0  #



## Features ##
* User-friendly interface
* Fun, quirky theme
* Feedback integrated with Redmine
* CAS authentication
* Open login: no need to add users
* Visual customization
* Uploaded file log
* Automatic deletion of old files
* Supports individual files up to 250MB in size
* Share files with anyone on the internet
* Supports all major browsers



## Introduction ##
Fileship provides a fun, simple way to share files with friends and peers without using third party storage. This is ideal for situations where you need to remotely share sensitive information, such as intellectual property, but the files are too large for email.

Once you upload a file, you can share it with anybody by giving them a generated URL. Files expire after a configurable amount of time, after which they are deleted.

While Fileship works best with Javascript-enabled browsers, its graceful degredation allows it to continue functioning even when JavaScript is disabled.




## Configurations ##
Fileship's configurations are in 'config' -> 'app.yml'.

* Fileship uses CAS for user authentication, and LDAP for adding users. Be sure to set these up correctly!

* User feedback is integrated with Redmine to automatically generate issues. Fileship will still work if you don't use Redmine, but users won't be able to give feedback. 

* Old files automatically get deleted by a cron job. Be sure to specify how long Fileship should hold on to old files. 

* Want to change Fileship's look? You can give Fileship a custom logo, and even load a custom stylesheet! See EXAMPLE_STYLESHEET.css for a list of css attributes that you can change. 



## Technical details ##
* Ruby 1.9.3
* Rails 3.2.13
* Uploaded files are stored in 'public' -> 'uploads'
* Works best on javascript enabled



## License ##



## Contributing ##
We would love developers to contribute any improvements and bugfixes they produce.  Note that any pull requests MUST be against the "develop" branch!
See [How do I contribute to other's code in GitHub?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/4384776/how-do-i-contribute-to-others-code-in-github).

